feat: add defineUtility, update utilities and clean plugins (#92)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: docs/src/content/docs/getting-started/installation.mdx

import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

:::caution

> Astro Integration Kit is unstable, breaking changes can occur at anytime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Integration Kit iterates very quickly as we are constantly improving it's APIs. Breaking changes can occur at any time.
```

Like don't get me wrong, it _is_ unstable 😂 But maybe we should soften this a _little_ bit!

Author: xd yeah you're right!
